# PassVorteX

# Origin

Project based files generated by Full Stack FastAPI and PostgreSQL - Base Project Generator

https://github.com/tiangolo/full-stack-fastapi-postgresql

# Description

Safe web app for storing logins and passwords.

## Features

* Full **Docker** integration (Docker based).
* Docker Swarm Mode deployment.
* **Docker Compose** integration and optimization for local development.
* **Production ready** Python web server using Uvicorn and Gunicorn.
* Python <a href="https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi" class="external-link" target="_blank">**FastAPI**</a> backend:
    * **Fast**: Very high performance, on par with **NodeJS** and **Go** (thanks to Starlette and Pydantic).
    * **Intuitive**: Great editor support. <abbr title="also known as auto-complete, autocompletion, IntelliSense">Completion</abbr> everywhere. Less time debugging.
    * **Easy**: Designed to be easy to use and learn. Less time reading docs.
    * **Short**: Minimize code duplication. Multiple features from each parameter declaration.
    * **Robust**: Get production-ready code. With automatic interactive documentation.
    * **Standards-based**: Based on (and fully compatible with) the open standards for APIs: <a href="https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification" class="external-link" target="_blank">OpenAPI</a> and <a href="http://json-schema.org/" class="external-link" target="_blank">JSON Schema</a>.
    * <a href="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/features/" class="external-link" target="_blank">**Many other features**</a> including automatic validation, serialization, interactive documentation, authentication with OAuth2 JWT tokens, etc.
* **Secure password** hashing by default.
* **JWT token** authentication.
* **SQLAlchemy** models (independent of Flask extensions, so they can be used with Celery workers directly).
* Basic starting models for users (modify and remove as you need).
* **Alembic** migrations.
* **CORS** (Cross Origin Resource Sharing).
* **Celery** worker that can import and use models and code from the rest of the backend selectively.
* REST backend tests based on **Pytest**, integrated with Docker, so you can test the full API interaction, independent on the database. As it runs in Docker, it can build a new data store from scratch each time (so you can use ElasticSearch, MongoDB, CouchDB, or whatever you want, and just test that the API works).
* Easy Python integration with **Jupyter Kernels** for remote or in-Docker development with extensions like Atom Hydrogen or Visual Studio Code Jupyter.
* **Vue** frontend:
    * Generated with Vue CLI.
    * **JWT Authentication** handling.
    * Login view.
    * After login, main dashboard view.
    * Main dashboard with user creation and edition.
    * Self user edition.
    * **Vuex**.
    * **Vue-router**.
    * **Vuetify** for beautiful material design components.
    * **TypeScript**.
    * Docker server based on **Nginx** (configured to play nicely with Vue-router).
    * Docker multi-stage building, so you don't need to save or commit compiled code.
    * Frontend tests ran at build time (can be disabled too).
    * Made as modular as possible, so it works out of the box, but you can re-generate with Vue CLI or create it as you need, and re-use what you want.
    * It's also easy to remove it if you have an API-only app, check the instructions in the generated `README.md`.
* **PGAdmin** for PostgreSQL database, you can modify it to use PHPMyAdmin and MySQL easily.
* **Flower** for Celery jobs monitoring.
* Load balancing between frontend and backend with **Traefik**, so you can have both under the same domain, separated by path, but served by different containers.
* Traefik integration, including Let's Encrypt **HTTPS** certificates automatic generation.
* GitLab **CI** (continuous integration), including frontend and backend testing.